evanf@aiche.org ,
karmella.haynes@asu.edu , 
dams@lbl.gov , 
stefan@nextnature.net , 
skumar@berkeley.edu , 
rkin@lbl.gov ,
hang@lbl.gov ,
iles@lbl.gov , 
info@bioethics.gov , 
ee@lbl.gov , 
oque@lbl.gov , 
utalik@lbl.gov , 
sb5-info@biobricks.org , 
innovations@washpost.com , 
info@geneticliteracyproject.org , 
innovations@washpost.com , 
rhnewman@ncat.edu , 
info@synthace.com , 
zhenxie@mit.edu , 
dkh2@po.cwru.edu , 
sc.eusynbios@gmail.com , 
otte@nextnature.net , 
jonathon@nextnature.net , 
julia@nextnature.net , 
otte@nextnature.net , 
dcamarillo@stanford.edu , 
yunusemreduyar@gmail.com , 
hannazoon@yahoo.com , 
ruben@nextnature.net , 
hannazoon@yahoo.com , 
sbol-editors@sbolstandard.org , 
sb5-info@biobricks.org , 
lcyarris@lbl.gov , 
yyoshikuni@lbl.gov , 
msb@embo.org , 
jrweiner@lbl.gov , 
amesh@lbl.gov , 
tslee@lbl.gov , 
contact@embojournal.org , 
editor@embomolmed.org , 
degilbert@lbl.gov , 
lcyarris@lbl.gov , 
jessica@wantexpeditions.com , 
jgi-jira+pmosupport@lbl.gov , 
diy@igem.orgegroups.com , 
nsummers@mit.edu , 
viridium@gmail.com , 
info@kandsranch.com , 
events@diybio.org , 
karmella.haynes@asu.edu , 
jbabb@mit.edu , 
bchwebmaster@nus.edu.sg , 
bioethics@nuffieldbioethics.org , 
rhnewman@ncat.edu , 
watseng@mit.edu , 
syntheticbiology@omicsgroup.comes.net , 
ildauer@synbiobeta.com , 
stephen.chambers@synibicite.com , 
terri@kandsranch.com , 
rhnewman@ncat.edu , 
info@synthace.com , 
info@synthace.com , 
businessradio@siriusxm.com , 
kitada@mit.edu , 
info@kandsranch.comsxm.com , 
jjsun@mit.edu , 
john.collins@synbicite.com ,
rhnewman@ncat.edu , 
rhnewman@ncat.edu , 
xavier.duportet@gmail.com , 
info@synthace.com ,
info@synthace.com ,
info@arzeda.com , 
info@synthace.com , 
xzhang54@mit.edu , 
allenlin@mit.edu , 
sarah.graham@ingenza.com ,
info@genomecompiler.com ,
info@genomecompiler.com ,
liliana@mit.edu , 
enquiries@midven.com , 
john.collins@synbicite.com , 
rhnewman@ncat.edu , 
info@genomecompiler.com ,
industrialbio@conferenceseries.com ,
sarah.graham@ingenza.com , 
info@sample6.com , 
sarah.graham@ingenza.com , 
info@arzeda.com , 
sbol-editors@sbolstandard.org , 
communications@systemsbiology.org , 
editors@sbolstandard.orgd.org , 
sbol-editors@sbolstandard.org ,
info@sample6.com , 
info@synthace.com ,
sbol-editors@sbolstandard.org , 
sbol-editors@sbolstandard.org , 
info@genomecompiler.com , 
hello@daisyginsberg.com , 
communications@systemsbiology.org , 
info@genomecompiler.com , 
billy.schonenberg@gmail.com , 
annalee@nextnature.net , 
ggoyal@lbl.gov , 
info@genomecompiler.com , 
sarah.graham@ingenza.com , 
jdkeasling@lbl.gov ,
post@nextnature.net , 
selby@piek.com , 
info@evolva.com , 
info@heliumworkx.com , 
hbe@stanford.edu , 
josdemul@gmail.com , 
sarah.graham@ingenza.com , 
sarah.graham@ingenza.com , 
sarah.graham@ingenza.com , 
hessel@nextnature.net , 
emma.frow@asu.edu , 
you@example.com , 
scyang@berkeley.edu , 
info@genomecompiler.com ,
njhillson@lbl.gov ,
dloque@lbl.gov ,/ 
mlharmon-smith@lbl.gov ,
lcyarris@lbl.gov , 
lcyarris@lbl.gov , 
blog.diybio.orgcomerguson@gmail.com ,
ubbard@lbl.govov , 
smart@asee.orgr.orgosny.org , 
olbert@gmail.com , 
communications@systemsbiology.org ,
openwetware-discuss@googlegroups.com , 
maja.smrekar@gmail.com ,
thi@biobricks.org , 
prash@bioclues.orgeresearchjournals.org , 
ruth@garnetcommunity.org.uk , 
contact@emboreports.org , 
contact@embojournal.org , 
msb@embo.org , 
lcyarris@lbl.gov , 
lcyarris@lbl.gov , 
pamela_silver@hms.harvard.edu , 
jcarey@faseb.orgail.comarchjournals.org , 
lcyarris@lbl.gov , 
hao@lbl.govl.gov , 
lcyarris@lbl.gov , 
editor@embomolmed.org , 
jonathon@nextnature.net , 
lcyarris@lbl.gov , 
info@nadinebongaerts.com , 
kgreene@lbl.gov , 
media@synthorx.com , 
lcyarris@lbl.gov , 
brian.gormley@wsj.com , 
jobs@touchlightgenetics.com , 
fatima.mirza@thecrimson.com , 
rhnewman@ncat.edu , 
jobs@touchlightgenetics.com , 
jobs@touchlightgenetics.com , 
info@kandsranch.com , 
rachit@inspectlet.com , 
maxx.chatsko@synbiobeta.com , 
stephen.chambers@synibicite.com , 
jobs@touchlightgenetics.com , 
rwinder@bioindustry.org , 
sbol-editors@sbolstandard.org , 
jobs@touchlightgenetics.com ,
dlopenzina@forbes.com , 
j.collins@synbicite.com , 
mlombard@lgtrademark.com , 
info@biomax.com , 
info@genomecompiler.com , 
thi@biobricks.org ,
contact@biobricks.org , 
info@genomecompiler.com , 
contact@biobricks.org , 
info@genomecompiler.com , 
info@genomecompiler.com ,
info@biobricks.org ,
info@genomecompiler.com , 
daniloff@mit.edu , 
sbhse-advising@asu.edu , 
info@genomecompiler.com , 
sbhse-advising@asu.edu , 
daniloff@mit.edu , 
daniloff@mit.edu , 
daniloff@mit.edu , 
contact@biobricks.org , 
events@diybio.org , 
communications@systemsbiology.org ,
info@geneticexperts.org , 
daniloff@mit.edu , 
jrubens@mit.edunege.harvard.edu , 
contact@biobricks.org ,
communications@systemsbiology.org , 
degilbert@lbl.gov , 
lcyarris@lbl.gov , 
ecbrunk@lbl.gov , 
kdeng@lbl.gov , 
lthe@lbl.govbl.gov , 
mmcharrier@lbl.gov , 
lcyarris@lbl.gov , 
lcyarris@lbl.gov ,
eelias@amgen.comu.edulu.edu Url:http://hazenlab.utk.edu/alumni.php 
akanglbl.govgovz@lbl.gov Url:http://www.jbei.org/research/divisions/fuels-synthesis/metabolic-engineering/ 
han@lbl.gov Url:http://www.jbei.org/research/divisions/technology/proteomics/ 
njhillson@lbl.gov Url:http://www.jbei.org/people/directors/nathan-hillson/ 
